{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26840\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The dataset that I will be using for my project is from the NASA Exoplanet Archive Public datasets covering planets and stars gathered by NASA\'92s space exploration missions. The specific dataset I'll be working with is the Planetary Systems Composite Planet Data Table: https://exoplanetarchive.ipac.caltech.edu/cgi-bin/TblView/nph-tblView?app=ExoTbls&config=PSCompPars This table displays all information for confirmed planets and host stars. It contains data on\'a0stellar and planetary parameters for known exoplanets. For instance, some of the data in the dataset includes number of stars, number of planets, planet mass, radius, discovery year, and discovery facility. For a meaningful calculation using this dataset, I was thinking of either letting the user find the average mass of planets within the same stellar host, or the avergae number of stars/exoplanets found per year or per 5 years.\'a0 For the machine learning part, I thought it would be meaningful to have a prediction for the number of exoplanets that would be found given past data on discovery years. Another ML application could be predicting how many new exoplanets each involved facility will discovery in the period of 1, 5 or 10 years. For visualizing the data, I am thinking of plotting the densities of the planets in each stellar host to compare against each other. The user will be able to pick which stellar host's planets' densities to plot.}